# More Math

Adds math nodes for numbers and types which do not need it. I got inspired by was_extras node.

#WARNING This node is not compatible to ComfyUI-Impact-Pack which forces older antlr version.

## Quickstart

1. Install [ComfyUI](https://docs.comfy.org/get_started).
1. Clone this repository into `ComfyUI/custom_nodes`.
1. Restart ComfyUI.

# Features

- expression parsing with support for functions and variables:
  - functions:
    - sin, cos, tan
    - asin, acos, atan (can produce NaN outside range -1...1)
    - atan2 (x,y)
    - sinh, cosh, tanh (can produce NaN outside range -1...1)
    - asinh, acosh, atanh
    - abs, sqrt (produces NaN on negative numbers), ln (log with base e), log (base 10), exp, pow
    - smin, tmin, smax, tmax, tnorm, snorm (norm and t prefixed are not applicable on number math node) math operators (binary and unary +,- and ^,*,/,%) and constants (e,pi)
      - s prefixed return one number
      - t prefixed work element-wise
    - floor, ceil, round, gamma, clamp, sigm (sigmoid)
  - variables
    - a, b, c, d : inputs of type based on node
    - w, x, y, z : each node allows use of 4 additional floats
    - W : Width of tensor - does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - H : Height of tensor - does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - C : Channel of tensor - used as color chanel in IMAGE or as information channel in others. does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - B : Batch - does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - X : X position in tensor - does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - Y : Y position in tensor - does not work on FLOAT and CONDITIONING
    - I : Tensor used to initalise sampler before noise injection - usually zeroed out and generated by Empty Latent Image node - Exclusive for NOISE
  - run expressions on both components of CONDITIONING (not that I know what they do), LATENT, IMAGE, NOISE and FLOAT
  - use constant e a pi

## Develop

To install the dev dependencies and pre-commit (will run the ruff hook), do:

```bash
cd more_math
pip install -e .[dev]
pre-commit install
```

The `-e` flag above will result in a "live" install, in the sense that any changes you make to your node extension will automatically be picked up the next time you run ComfyUI.

## Publish to Github

## Tests

This repo contains unit tests written in Pytest in the `tests/` directory. It is recommended to unit test your custom node.

- [build-pipeline.yml](.github/workflows/build-pipeline.yml) will run pytest and linter on any open PRs
- [validate.yml](.github/workflows/validate.yml) will run [node-diff](https://github.com/Comfy-Org/node-diff) to check for breaking changes

## Publishing to Registry

If you wish to share this custom node with others in the community, you can publish it to the registry. We've already auto-populated some fields in `pyproject.toml` under `tool.comfy`, but please double-check that they are correct.

You need to make an account on https://registry.comfy.org and create an API key token.

- [ ] Go to the [registry](https://registry.comfy.org). Login and create a publisher id (everything after the `@` sign on your registry profile). 
- [ ] Add the publisher id into the pyproject.toml file.
- [ ] Create an api key on the Registry for publishing from Github. [Instructions](https://docs.comfy.org/registry/publishing#create-an-api-key-for-publishing).
- [ ] Add it to your Github Repository Secrets as `REGISTRY_ACCESS_TOKEN`.

A Github action will run on every git push. You can also run the Github action manually. Full instructions [here](https://docs.comfy.org/registry/publishing). Join our [discord](https://discord.com/invite/comfyorg) if you have any questions!

